{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
{\info
{\author Thornton, Wayne (wthornton6@student.cccs.edu)}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13420\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Copyright attributions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
DATED: 04/01/2021\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Applies To: macOS Big Sur Update and associated products\
This document provides copyright and credit information for macOS Big Sur Update\'ae.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Third Party Notices\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 This file is based on or incorporates material from the projects listed below (collectively, \'93Third Party Code\'94).\'a0\'a0 Developer is not the original author of the Third Party Code.\'a0\'a0 The original copyright notice and license, under which Developer received such Third Party Code, are set out below.\'a0 Such licenses and notices are provided for informational purposes only.\'a0 Developer, not the third party, licenses the Third Party Code to you under the terms set forth in the license terms for the Developer\'92s product.\'a0 Developer reserves all other rights not expressly granted under this agreement, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Copyright\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Information in this document, including URL and other Internet website references, is subject to change without notice. Unless otherwise noted, the companies, organizations, products, domain names, email addresses, logos, people, places, and events depicted in examples herein are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, domain name, email address, logo, person, place, or event is intended or should be inferred. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting the rights under copyright, no part of this document may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise), or for any purpose, without the express written permission of Developer.\
Developer may have patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights covering subject matter in this document. Except as expressly provided in any written license terms from Developer, the furnishing of this document does not give you any license to these patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property.\
\'a9 2021 Dexter\'92s Laboratory. All rights reserved.\
------------------------------------------------\
Portions of this software are based in part on the work of Colin Mistr aka dosdude1. Because Developer has included the dosdude1 software in this product, Developer is required to include the following text that accompanied such software:\
Copyright \'a9 2020 Colin Mistr aka dosdude1\
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
This program is distributed in the hpe that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.\
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.gnu.org/licenses/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.gnu.org/licenses/}}.\
Portions of this software are based in part on the work of BenSova. Because Developer has included the BenSova software in this product, Developer is required to include the following text that accompanied such software:\
Copyright \'a9 2020 BenSova\
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
This program is distributed in the hpe that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.\
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.gnu.org/licenses/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.gnu.org/licenses/}}.\
Portions of this software are based in part on the work of Greg Neagle. Because Developer has included the Greg Neagle software in this product, Developer is required to include the following text that accompanied such software:\
Copyright \'a9 2017 Greg Neagle\
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the \'93License\'94); you ,ay not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\
	https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, the software distributed under the License is distributed on an \'93AS IS\'94 BASIS, WITHOuT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.\
_____________________________________\
All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.\
}